All of the files in this repository are licensed under the MIT License, with the
following exceptions:

static/header-bg-light.jpg: Pixabay License  
static/header-bg-dark.jpg: Pixabay License  
exampleSite/content/posts/second/cinque-terre-g21bc04293\_640.jpg: Pixabay License

----------------------

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2018 Steven Engler

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

----------------------

Pixabay License (29-01-2019)

Images and Videos on Pixabay are made available under the Pixabay License on the
following terms. Under the Pixabay License you are granted an irrevocable,
worldwide, non-exclusive and royalty free right to use, download, copy, modify
or adapt the Images and Videos for commercial or non-commercial purposes.
Attribution of the photographer or Pixabay is not required but is always
appreciated.

The Pixabay License does not allow:

 a. sale or distribution of Images or Videos as digital stock photos or as
    digital wallpapers;
 b. sale or distribution of Images or Videos e.g. as a posters, digital prints
    or physical products, without adding any additional elements or otherwise
    adding value;
 c. depiction of identifiable persons in an offensive, pornographic, obscene,
    immoral, defamatory or libelous way; or
 d. any suggestion that there is an endorsement of products and services by
    depicted persons, brands, and organisations, unless permission was granted.

Please be aware that while all Images and Videos on Pixabay are free to use for
commercial and non-commercial purposes, depicted items in the Images or Videos,
such as identifiable people, logos, brands, etc. may be subject to additional
copyrights, property rights, privacy rights, trademarks etc. and may require the
consent of a third party or the license of these rights - particularly for
commercial applications. Pixabay does not represent or warrant that such
consents or licenses have been obtained, and expressly disclaims any liability
in this respect.
